notes/TODO.md, before:

## TODOLIST (Feature Suggestions)

- [ ] Make a custom Loader for:
    1. Images ✅
    2. Pages
- [ ] Remove images config on `next.config.js`
- [ ] Make the app responsive
- [ ] Implement dark mode and light mode
- [ ] Make a custom scrollBar
- [ ] Design the home page intro that maybe we can change it into simpler
- [ ] Remove some useless buttons on the home page and navbar, and so on
- [ ] make a custom slider for the teachers section maybe like loading bar or something

### Now:

- [ ] change fonts to something that more aesthetic

### Done:

- [x] make side scroll for it
- [x] Renew the home page intro or maybe we can say landing page ✅
- [x] Create a storage to store any documents and pictures ✅
- [x] Renew some system into some new tech ✅
- [x] Make a custom loading that will display when the image is still in  progress ✅
- [x] Design the loading image change like anything or whatever it is, just change the design ✅
- [x] Add image slides beside the landing page text (optional) ✅
- [x] make teachers data section ✅
- [x] implement the image for the teachers data ✅

Commit message:

adding list of majors section

notes/TODO.md, after:

## TODOLIST (Feature Suggestions)

- [ ] Make a custom Loader for:
    1. Images ✅
    2. Pages
- [ ] Remove images config on `next.config.js`
- [ ] Make the app responsive
- [ ] Implement dark mode and light mode
- [ ] Make a custom scrollBar
- [ ] Design the home page intro that maybe we can change it into simpler
- [ ] Remove some useless buttons on the home page and navbar, and so on
- [ ] make a custom slider for the teachers section maybe like loading bar or something
- [ ] change navigation bar design that more simple and responsive at the same time

### Now:

- [ ] make a majors section bottom of the teachers section
- [ ] put some animation on the majors section like chemistry gif or anything else

### Done:

- [x] change fonts to something that more aesthetic ✅
- [x] make side scroll for it ✅
- [x] Renew the home page intro or maybe we can say landing page ✅
- [x] Create a storage to store any documents and pictures ✅
- [x] Renew some system into some new tech ✅
- [x] Make a custom loading that will display when the image is still in  progress ✅
- [x] Design the loading image change like anything or whatever it is, just change the design ✅
- [x] Add image slides beside the landing page text (optional) ✅
- [x] make teachers data section ✅
- [x] implement the image for the teachers data ✅
